Last let's see how our validation work.
Edit an answer again cut everything here.
Let's open our developer tool
and hit the Network tab.
Now if we hit the update button
we get error message here
then we go to a console.
We get error unprocessable entity.
So basically our server side validation is working fine.
But the problem here we need to tell the user what's
happening in our server. There could be many different
ways to show the validation error message
that's sent from or the server to the client.
But for now we're going to use the simple way
let's switch back to and answer dot vue
and here in `catch` method we can show in the validation
error message in javascript alert but before that let's
see the error response in console log
edit an answer cut everything and
hit update button let's see in console
Here we can see that the error message
placed in data so data message.
So here let's show the error message in alert
Let's save this and have a look
edit an answer clear everything and hit update button.
Now the validation error message show up in alert.
Now we can also validate the form
in the client side by utilizing html
required attribute in our text area. Let's go to underscore
answer blade php and then add `required` attribute
like so.
Now if try to edit again
and then clear the answer and then hit update.
Here we get a message tells us that this text area is required.
and we can also make the update button disabled
if the text area is empty or invalid. Here we simply
bind to this button a boolean value to disable
attribute.
So if we set this to false this button
will be active. But if we set  this
to true this button will be an active.
In this case let's make this button disable
if the character length of the answer's body
It's less than 10 characters.
Here we say disabled this button if answer is invalid.
We'll put the logic in computer property.
So let's switch to answer dot vue
define a computer property
Inside here
let's define that method.
here is simply turn this body length
less than 10 and then add exclamation mark to inverse the result
so if the character length or the body is less than
10 or you can change the number whatever you like
this method will return true
otherwise it will return false.
Let's save and give it a shot one more time.
Reload the page.
I get the error fn bind is not defined
Let me see.
Sorry I placed the computed propety in the wrong place.
Cut this and paste
outside the methods property.
save reload the page.
OK
now I have no error. Let's edit an answer.
And no I have the update button inactive
I need to fix the is invalid method.
Actually this exclamation mark is not needed.
So is invalid
it will return true
if the answer's
body length is less than 10.
OK save that. And let me try one more time
edit an answer.
then clear everything.
Now you can see the update button inactive.
If we type something that more than or equal ten characters.
The button will be active
OK great.
We've created an answer component successfully
and now our answer UI look more interactive.
We don't need to refresh the page to see the changes.
In the next lesson where are we're going to ajaxifying
this delete button
So when we delete an answer it don't need
to reload the page to see the change.
All right let's take a break and I'll see you in the next lesson.